Fix: Update broken product download link [4.5.0] (#1961)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/install-and-setup/install/installing-mi-as-a-windows-service.md

## Prerequisites

> -	Go to the [WSO2 Integrator: MI releases page](https://github.com/wso2/micro-integrator/releases) and download the product distribution as a ZIP file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	Go to the [WSO2 Integrator: MI Downloads page](https://wso2.com/micro-integrator/previous-releases) and download the product distribution as a ZIP file.
```

> -	Go to the [WSO2 Integrator: MI Downloads page](https://wso2.com/micro-integrator/previous-releases) and download the product distribution as a ZIP file.

Reviewer 2: https://wso2.com/integrator/mi shouldn't we give this? @DedunuKarunarathne
